---
title: Reasoning 1
date: 2020-09-26
categories: journal
tag: [faith, Tim Keller]
---

q1) If burning babies in fire is God's will, how will we guess or know what God would do? God could do very evil or good.
But we don't completely know.
He might do a good thing for atheists.

Maybe God is permitting it and we just can¡¯t understand why.
If that¡¯s true, then I don't understand how you can come to any conclusions about what God would do or what wouldn't do based on his properties.
If God is all good and all powerful and still lets babies burn to death in fires, maybe he is all good and all powerful and chooses not to save us or chooses not to love us or one specific thing you said is that, for atheists, they are making a leap of faith, they are taking, risking something.
They are taking their life in their hands. 
Well, that¡¯s not just based on a belief in God but a belief in how atheists should act if there¡¯s a God, the consequences for atheists.
If he¡¯s going to let babies burn in fires, then maybe he¡¯s going to let atheists prosper, go to heaven and be healthy.

If we conclude that a loving, omnipotent God can let babies burn in fire, then we could conclude that he can let any horrible thing happen or any good thing happen, and therefore, assuming, for instance, that atheists are going to have to pay in some way, that¡¯s the assumption about what God will do. But we already know that we can¡¯t understand why God does things and therefore we can¡¯t understand what he would do and what he wouldn¡¯t do in any situation.



a1) Imagine a good father and his son or daughter.


q2) Human right could be a result of evolutionary achievment.

a2) Then it would be selfish thing. Human right exists for my genetics.


q3) If God is the only basis for human right, then why is it that, at least in parts of the world
, we've seen a trend toward increasing secularism and increasing human rights at the same time?


